hi guys
JK FBI here in beautiful Miami with
Peter Thompson of Thompson West food and
white got it took us a few times to get
that anyway we don't here on board
turquoise
238 foot Quantum of Solace stay tuned to
the end because this is super exclusive
not many people have seen the inside of
this myself included I was beautiful
just a beautiful boat it's absolutely
stunning
you guys are gonna enjoy it we're gonna
head inside Taylor you get off that
tender we'll meet you inside as well and
let's do it stay to the end see you
there
[Music]
so I'm gonna wrap in this video for a
quick trivia question can you guess how
much this year costs to purchase and how
much as it is to charter leave your
answer in the comments below and don't
cheat we know who you are
[Music]
so we're here on the swim platform of
Quantum of Solace buy turquoise yachts
we're gonna get this show started Peter
tell me a little bit more about where we
are right now and what happens here
politic this is the aft end of the
vessel this is where you arrive you
leave this is the point of embarkation
did this embarkation here we have a
transformer platform which goes right
down under the water so if you're
swimming you just come under the
platform and you walk up an elegant
staircase like a boss and then you know
outside on the on the water here we'd
have an in water pool that has the the
netting underneath it to keep it safe or
comes any jelly fishing in the area they
don't get in that pool and we'd lay it
out with all the sea bulbs and
everything that we have on board but
we'll catch up with those later
perfect stay tuned and we're off Peter
after you alright so here we are at deck
Peter the only guests like to do here
this is typically the area where the
guests come on board and they start
their relaxation they sit down take
their shoes off the cruel take their
bags take them for the Suites inside
everything starts relaxation the cold
towels a nice cold drink maybe a chilled
water
somebody might like a glass of champagne
and this is where the vacation starts
well let's get inside these cool doors
you're gonna see some really cool stuff
and occasion starts here but some stuff
is really gonna go down in here check
this out guys
inside main salon ultimate entrance
Peter before we get you telling us about
what's going on here Taylor I need you
to come a little closer and check out
the head spaces please this is
absolutely stunning I was talking to
Peter earlier there are four yachts in
the world oh you're gonna have atrium
like and it's atrium like this this is
one of four so this is amazing
tell me a little bit more about this
amazing space I noticed we have a bar
behind us piano couch what goes on in
here well this is this is the main salon
and it's the main salon this is where
people congregate it's close to the
water it's got this the head room it's
got it feels majestic it's it's a space
where people want to be sit down at the
bar nice low seating at the bar
comfortable seating area there all of
this is brand-new as well and you know
you're sinking in the corner there
you're feeling you're feeling it aren't
you you know the only way you experience
is actually experienced it so you're
talking about it and and I'm getting it
but now I'm really getting it these
couch is amazing I don't know if I want
to Taylor I tell you to sit down but you
got a camera in your hand so I'll enjoy
it for you Peter this steps is stunning
so let me just tell you this Steinway
grand piano fortunately we don't have to
pay one of the crew to play it it plays
itself it's got about 2,000 Tunes in
there it's in the original German
Steinway about a quarter of a million
dollars worth of Steinway piano that
that's absolutely amazing we did anybody
wait would there be any way we can check
that out see that we'll get that sorted
out in a couple of minutes I'll have
somebody come through and stuff sided
playing let's do it
[Music]
just kill the man put a gun I don't know
the other words everybody
[Music]
I'll get back to it
moving forward to this beautiful dining
area let's have a look at the dining
area let's do it so in the dining area
here we have a true 12 seater look at
these these seats you can be fairly
comfortable in those seats don't have to
keep your elbows in when you're at this
table I love it yeah and that's what do
you think of the Microsoft screen that
Microsoft screen you know I was looking
at this earlier for about five minutes
and completely tranquil except I feel a
little guilty eating some seafood over
here you might have to do something
about that these guys might get upset
fish are friends not a seafood yeah off
the menu we put a curtain in front of
witnesses he Mable's on the table anyway
we're gonna move into the guest quarters
but before we get there we have well
we've got the main lobby this is the
vertical access to the boat so it goes
down to the spa up to the other deck and
it has the elevator shaft that goes
right through the vessel let's check it
out
every every single piece of this vessel
is handcrafted it's the factory that
makes the interior of the boat it's
probably one of the best on the world so
we mentioned that our the interior and
exterior of this boat or designed by h h
- h - yacht design and they've done some
really great poses one
so tell Quantum of Solace here's the
movie poster every boat that this
gentleman has owned and built is named
after a James Bond movie
so if it's a James Bond movie we're
struggling with the current title but
we'll get there yeah the new title of
the new movie is too many times to die
or something no time to die no time to
die now it's closed it's a mouthful for
us Quantum of Solace is a beta is a big
is a big name but no time to die when we
thought what about that we thought it's
not the right name for a boat well no
time to die on yeah it's gonna be a fast
boat it will be a fast they will be a
fast boat anyway whatever he decides to
do next I'm sure it's going to be
stunning I've seen all the other boats
Papa diamonds are forever and
they're always just something everybody
loves so well he's one of the most
experienced so this other business you
know this is boat number 21 it's 21 21
every yacht every double-oh-seven movie
that's ever been out this guy's made a
yeah with the name for that movie so I'm
really excited to see what he does next
wait wait and see about two years Tom
it'll be us in two years and guess what
who's giving you a tour will be there
where to next guest quarters on the main
deck here let's go
[Music]
look at that corridor - isn't that
amazing absolutely beautiful back in
Tupelo when 1935 baby boys rock the
world rhythm game
or Silk Road transitions from marble to
would like the different combinations
not just one solid material in the horse
but it's a combination of all so this
space here is typically used either for
nannies or for security or something
like that these couches can be
reconfigured into beds as a bathroom
here and as we call it the nanny cabin
it's because it has a communicating door
through into typically the children's
cabin now we haven't got it set up with
the children's cabinet the men at Alex
because there's no train set or a doll's
house in here but you can imagine look
at the space easy enough to do kids have
plenty of room to set up and do what
they do kids do play things don't have
toys they have their own bathroom here
TV yeah
walk-in closet you were telling me
earlier that every room has a walk-in
closet room as everyone has a walk-in
closet and a good size too so then we
have four Suites ahead so a that's too
[Music]
so these are the two smaller VIPs and
queen-size bed bathroom heated floor and
look at this you can touch it I was just
gonna say that judgment I can you just
barely touch the ceilings tell you guess
that but still I don't have no reason to
be waving my arms up like a monkey so
and you know you don't hear the air
conditioning it's diffused by diffuses
around there it's ultra socket made to
keep things super quiet so quiet Windows
who nights ago there was a salsa party
on the dock there they must have had a
hundred thousand watts of power I was on
the outside I was on the dock and they
had this big soundstage and everything
and I'm thinking oh my god I'm just not
gonna be able to sleep I closed the door
here didn't do ya allegedly it finished
at 3 in the morning I didn't know did
you say that a salsa party
yeah you know I'm Puerto Rican you're
telling me you can dance salsa do I
dance salsa dance sup people know if I
had to go hey I'd step all over toast by
myself I'm an amazing dancer let's start
dancing aside move on to the next
bedroom
[Music]
just have a look at the bubbl look in
that bathroom
the inlay is just amazing it's just
looks like some pearl inlaid
mother-of-pearl inlay mother pearl all
hand done I'm an absolutely fantastic
time at move while you can get my feet
out of the way that is beautiful head I
think the whole thing is called a head
even though I always just consider the
head though this part marble sink
beautiful shower again and seen had them
in the shower I mean now I kind of got
sucked down to get into it
Taylor I don't think has any problems
slower than I you know we're we're not
vertically challenged like you forward
like a VIP that these are mural mirror
images of each other one with a tub and
1 with a 1 with a full shower BB active
double VIPs I'm gonna go right
[Music]
these VIPs are often on the lower deck
and you get a little bitty portable
right problem get Windows and usually
the windows even if they're large you
kind of got to get down to look this is
a puppet well you can actually stand
here
look out enjoy the view while you're
away
walk-in closets these are VIP rooms so
imagine the VIP a lot larger this is one
closet bathroom absolutely amazing
closet space here so it's more of an
open walk-in closet actually you can
just move around and effortless instead
of a door if you look around right
behind Peter signed by all of the actors
well that was the name of the previous
young I remember so the whole
double-oh-seven vibe stays with the you
know something usually very very few
people changed my name
one guy changed the name and he it was
the guy when we we had a previous one of
the sort
he called it Elysium so we have to fill
that gap so that's why we call this one
of us all
so check this out these doors connect
the rooms interconnected and oh here's
hey Peter are you in your room
I'm in my room he's in his room where
you and you alone yeah looks like a
mirror we could've did like a mirror
how'd you get so handsome so quickly so
Alex let me tell you now this is where
you'd usually have the master suite and
everything like that but we have six
Suites here okay
so normally those six Suites four of
them at least would be on the lower deck
so what did we do with the lower deck on
this boat let's find out we'll find out
[Music]
from playing my favorite song
music this is the space that makes this
boat special actually what are the
spaces that makes this boat race one of
many
[Music]
[Applause]
this is what we did the intro alright so
if you guys remember at the very
beginning of the video Peter and I was
standing out here champagne in hand then
we walked in but this is such a special
space better I don't know about it I
wanted to come back to it and I'm not
start here but coming to it because this
is just amazing tailing right now is on
deck that opens up for the starboard
side that is the side of the boat that's
folded them it's super beautiful Sunday
tell me about what we are looking at
here because this is just mind-blowing
me personally will probably spend the
majority of my time down here so what we
have here is we have a little smug area
we've got a fireplace no heat coming out
of it but for ambiance I don't have a
meeting you can sit down here have a
meeting you can relax
it's a chill-out area it is and then
when you're chilling out here and you
think how about a steam bath I like it
you like it let's go to find the Turkish
month laughter I thought it was a
Turkish Imam when you come across me a
cruise well this one here is ginormous
you can hear the echo in here marble
tile Oh Elaine see this is just
beautiful so the heat the steam you're
feeling it then you step outside take
shower
but you can run out jump over the side
oh here we have ice ice cold water
steam and steam injection there yeah big
soup spoon yeah that's it don't water on
yourself to a quote for the water cold
water exactly cold water in ice water in
there and that's a cultural necessary
not this giant koozie well that's that's
a chromotherapy acronym therapy what
I've never heard of you know it's like
treatment and I'm a red light gives you
this when the blue light gives you that
this is crazy
so you're six for this comes up to my
waist right and you sit down sat down
and this was full yeah over your
shoulders man I'd be handy yeah
head deep in this so after staying here
imagining this some water in here jump
out hit the weights then take a shower
then take a shower then we tell you that
and we send you in here for the message
therapy little massage therapy you never
do anything wrong by the way I've never
in my life had a massage a proper
massage never ever so when we finally do
it I guess
well do it on camera this is stump
therapy stone therapy now we have we
have a full time spa therapist on board
Wow beautician hair makeup nails you
name it but the massage side of it is
the most important so just amazing oh
you guys we need smellivision because if
you guys could smell this stuff this is
just fantastic so here we have waiting
room you gonna show me how it's done
this I can definitely attempt to show
you got the 80 pounds on there I like to
do the 80 that's the eight let's all to
say yeah it's a maintenance this is
really cool
get in here do your workout you can put
your baby in here while you're working
out keep the kids safe hand down
workouts over well after that workout
there you can't walk up the statue being
so awesome let's leave already exhausted
I can imagine let's take the elevator up
here then we have our Quantum of Solace
elevator after you see you guys upstairs
[Applause]
[Music]
so what deck are we are well this is the
this is the owners deck owners tacked on
his deck and we are gonna go and see one
of the most sumptuous owners Suites
you've ever seen I'm excited only sweet
I like VIP but owners sounds better
[Music]
not just a cabin it's like a whole
apartment while this room is bigger than
my first apartment his room is bigger
than my current apartment leather sofas
probably 65 inch screen TV king-sized as
you know no toys complete without at
least giving this all man it is like a
massive pillow oh my gosh my back oh
this is great
feel a vision maybe that's the one
smell-a-vision is old feel the vision
where you guys can feel what I feel I
don't want to get out of that that was
really comfortable I just noticed so
we've got a 65 over here right in front
of the bed doesn't what happens if you
don't want to get out of bed and watch
five two two massive televisions in the
roof beautiful deck and you guys gonna
enjoy this anybody who's a pet lover
like me I don't have any pets because I
travel too much I would love to have one
although my daughter has a dog named
Charlie who is a French Bulldog and this
would be perfect for him because every
time I'm over there I feel like I'm
letting him out so check this out guys
Charlie this one's for you
[Music]
beautiful tech outside though the
balconies on either side you know fresh
air there's a way of programming the
doors to stay open if you prefer this
the Alice alfresco lifestyle either side
you can have the breeze coming through
the boat absolutely beautiful
very few boats are the fixed balconies I
love the picked up and he said I think
having them is amazing I mean I've seen
different types ones you just walk out
to like this some open up for you but I
think as an owner you have to have them
and also if you know the ones that flip
out and everything you might have to
have a crew member come in right right
right here just open the door yeah and
like I said they're different in every
in every boat now coming forward we have
this ginormous and again I think even
this is bigger is huge look at this
bathroom guys this is crazy
heater cause I feel the heat heated
floors beautiful marble and I don't know
what is this stylist onyx sink right
check out the fixtures super polish
again who did an amazing job floors
everything chrome in here is polished to
the teeth his and hers or his and hers
depending which way you want to go I
imagine that's hers because there's a
nice little area there for the missus to
do her makeup dressing room right here
and Monsieur has his dressing room just
it's just outside the other side of this
massive this is also like an infinity
pool as well because it's got it's gonna
be over the edge all right get in move
those bathtubs and I'm still I'll see
only half of me can get in top half or
bottom half so this is great for him did
you do grandfather clock his walk-in
closet alright so let's head back to the
cinema this is it cinema room time to
watch a movie and you know my favorite
show yeah
guy efficient so make sure you're
watching it
[Music]
so you are movie room watching what else
before to a stylist on board
Sallis whatever you watch I don't know
well we could watch the yeah guy but
we're not well good that can be the Yak
guy okay ice you on you too but I like
the sound can you imagine that that
you're on T my channel I can totally avi
I can totally imagine it so what's
better than watching James Bond Quantum
of Solace onboard Quantum of Solace hmm
so I can think of something Quantum of
Solace guarded by the world's most
advanced security getting on board is
impossible nobody has ever seen the
inside and there's only one man who can
give us a tour he goes by the name of
guy the yacht guy coming soon to a
YouTube near you well it's a matter of
opinion but you know what I'm gonna
agree with you I appreciate it thanks so
moving aft from here and James Bond
aside there's a lot more to show on this
boat exterior spaces to the blackboard
let's have a look at the atrium from
above there's different below you looked
at where you were sitting at the
beginning of the movie that's where we
started have I showed you my piano
playing skills here we go as you go to
the boat you can see a lot of the
artwork on here and this massive thing
yeah and it's all laid out really nice
everything blends in together so
Prague's downstairs
[Music]
so here we are beach club club down
whatever you want automatic opening
drawer with the wind it is yes let's see
what happens in it we make we make the
intro and the door just opens for us the
door opens anyway let's go inside and
check that out see Bob's the jet surfs
so we've got to we've we got three of
these yeah really
through the jet serves two of these
sweet jet skis that say Quantum of
Solace right on them black and red
matching these things probably who I
would love to get these out on the water
yeah we've got the climbing climbing
Mountain the inflatable climbing ladder
and we have the the the slide that runs
down the mountain that's Jim's exterior
exterior gym part floating that looks
like one that is love charter experience
for sure we've got a tent over there
that's your deal it - no - new Iranian
this is the big one it has this has the
Bimini on the front so you can get a
char nice and dry this one here has the
drop down front so we've just drive it
right up on the beach it's got the
hydraulics here the hydro
grandma walk straight on the beach / I'm
right out the side it drops to me
perfect
what I was trying to say there is that
was the generator room and it's very
noisy in there don't really know why
there's but did you hear the noise
outside no you're right no you're
outside to me as you got here any noise
anywhere on the board
jumps in here you're absolutely right
we've been around the whole boat and not
once did I hear this now one time
chromed-out engine-room if you've been
onboard mega-yachts
you know these guys don't mess around
the engines they're taken very serious
the engineers who has his own room look
at this these guys are in here while
you're upstairs playing do whatever it
is you're doing these guys are here
watching everything I was water maker
sewage treatment plants air conditioning
generators you know what more everything
that you need to run a town you need a
hoarder
you can see now there's a reason why
this is so clean if there's any leak any
smoke these guys spot it right away
that's the purpose of keeping everything
so this is really this is an engine room
that has two decks initial air above the
engines
there next day and you can actually walk
around the entire edge we have to
caterpillar 35:16 wearing 2300
horsepower each Yeti all the pumps back
here for this sewage treatment for the
air conditioning circulation for the
fuel systems for we have to have bilge
pumps what we can try and keep the water
mostly on the outside dual purifiers
over here so message out like this how
much would it cost to fuel it up
I crossed about 120,000 if you love
hundreds 20,000 euros
you guys don't know what a hundred and
twenty thousand euros is Jubilee cuz I
don't know what is it
but they'll get you across the Atlantic
and back alright so here we are on the
bridge there where everything happens
these guys make this team move and tell
us about we'll be done the birthing in
maneuvering orders like it says here we
can see what's happening we can touch
see where the rudder is we can see the
wind is where the true wind is we know
what depth it is there so this is a
screen that we've got to take particular
care of you see here that the radar is
on standby so that's the radar that runs
around and shows us the relative
position of the vessel with everybody
else and the land and then we're
bringing it across here and this is the
digital chart system digital chart
system takes it takes takes over from
the paper charts you notice there's no
paper charts out here because everything
is done electronically these days
everything is monitored here every
engine every tank every generator
voltage current frequency it's all here
anything goes wrong we know by looking
here engine controls it looks very
simple but on the engine controls it's
screen after screen after screen and
it's full diagnosis here we have the
stabilizers these are the little wings
that sit at the side of the boat and
keep the boat level unstable at sea so
you don't get seasick don't get seasick
but also on the boats an anchor if the
votes in the you know it's rocking at
sea these things actually keep it stable
at anchor as well I love it I'm looking
forward here and it's the perfect view
for oh yeah so this is where this is
where the guests can arrive on the
helipad we don't keep a helicopter
copter on board but that's a very
elegant way to arrive come in land jump
off crew take your luggage whatever and
you can get right to it
exactly so if you don't come on boat you
get on a helipad once I can walk out and
check it out have a look let's do it
Peter's gone I think we should take this
thing out for a spin there's a little
bit of a dock there this is speaking up
we can blow past it
let's go
[Music]
Kru get ready to die hey this is not a
submarine is this forget about the back
part let's go you know I met you in the
dark it was a Saturday night remember
seeing you just dancing in them out the
crowd there was something about you cos
you got stuck in my mind
stuck in my mind stuck in my mind
so here it is helipad
[Music]
I'm king of the world helicopter command
only property she wants me filed on the
AC one three five or what do they call
it now the Airbus one three five Airbus
one three five nine I'm gonna have to
google that cuz I don't know I'm not
sure what that is anyway so we could
land the Airbus one three five on here
you get off either side Google grab your
stuff inside and let the party begin
can't store it here though after to the
touching go fam land here and then just
walk chopper goes away put it back in
the garage at home and sail away perfect
I love it it works
[Music]
- a
go
[Music]
I said just restrain your policy left
so we I notice we have disco lights up
here we're gonna get busy and do not ask
me to dance cause it's not gonna happen
again
so about the spaces ain't crazy they've
had parties for 250 people on this day
Wow up here up here and I mean take a
look I mean the sound system up here is
unbelievable you know where the cue
table is we don't have a barbecue we
have the DJ stations
[Music]
massive speakers both sides and two
bases all because of Google almost back
there base box these are insane
all right so plenty space party lights
TV massive lounge area big pool up front
with a jump in with with us with it with
a swimming jet with the swimmy Jets so
if you want to swim you're swimming
place just like a treadmill it's like a
swimming treadmill swim in the water
will keep you in place you keep swimming
and the water push you the minute you
stop swimming the water will push you
back or forward depending where the
water's coming
[Music]
all right so that's it we've come to the
end of our video but before we leave
quick question what would it cost to
purchase this yacht and what would it
cost to charter it well with your with
your video channel coming online now I
think you could probably afford this
it's a mere 58 million US dollars to
purchase and if you need to charter it I
thought you'd like to charter it first
six hundred thousand euros a week that's
the seven-day week mind now this is
another five days seven days only 600
thousands with over a half a million
most you guys can swim that without a
problem know who you are that's the end
of it thank you so much Peter selling
where if they want any more information
where can they find more details on the
book more details on the boat are on our
website which is tws calm and or they
can email me at Peter at twws calm
excellent and you can follow them on
Instagram as well tww yacht CWS
Instagram perfect I love it so that's it
from us Taylor don't forget to subscribe
yes I know he's already wave now you
know tell you let's keep this up and
jump in so that's it we were up to wrap
it up don't forget to subscribe click
the link down below follow tww yachts
check them out if you guys have any more
details Taylor I think it's time to get
some lunch jump in here and call it a
wrap anything else for us click the
button below yes they know so make sure
you guys also any questions comments or
want to correct me for any mistakes that
I have made please leave them down below
I don't lot of you guys give us a thumbs
down that's great we appreciate it
because we that's how we make it better
right we listen we can't impregnate them
oh oh oh whatever
either way like it or don't like it
thank you for watching I appreciate it
and we're out of here
see you later lunch
[Music]
here we go